The instrument will be initially used for the temperature control. 
The main goal of this instrument is to be able to measure the temperature for 
up to 20 channels with help of RTD (pt100, 4 wires measurment).
It is important to be sure that the measured temperature is correct - one has
to handle all possible errors and make them visible in Epics. 

It must be possible to save and restore the settings (*SAV <n>/*RCL <n>)

Required support for:
 * scans (set-up and use)
  - it should be possible to initialize the scan with help of Epics PV
  - show the status of the scan

Optional:
Support for the configuration lists
Read (on demand) how many times the contacts has been closed


The use case scenario that we want to support  is as follows:

* Reset the instrument to the default state (*RST)
* Set up the scan for the 4W pt100 measurements of the selected channels
* Set up the trigger (to start one scan from the SCPI command)
* Save the settings (*SAV) in the selected location
* Start the scan - read the data and status of the measurement
* Repeat the previous action (controlled by the Epics PVs) until decide to stop
  the measurements.

When in scanning mode the system should automatically return to the last 
operation mode after power failure of the instrument or rebooting of the IOC.
It means that the IOC should keep track (autosave) in which mode it is (idle
or measuring) and return to this mode. The IOC must also save the setting of 
the DAQ6510 so it will return to the same status in case of power cycling.

I think it can be done in the following way:
The idle set-up is in SAV0. When the IOC is not measuring this set-up 
should be started at power-up :system:posetup <name> (ref. manual p. 4-78)
The measuremnt set-up is SAV1 and if the emasurement is started the command
":system:posetup sav1" should be sent to the instrument.

There shoud be a PV for this purpose, for example mbbo record.
The above logic can be implemented in the Epics database usin the seqeunce
record.
